##
# PROJECT-TASK MANAGEMENT API
In this api, we'll have projects that have tasks. We'll follow DDD

- ## UUID in domain models
We have a bit of a problem: the ids, autogenerated by the DB are an issue for our equals and hashcode methods which we need to have for our Sets. We use an UUID to uniquely identify an entity from the domain perspective which helps the identification for our Sets. 

- ## Not using the unique name for equality
Name is something, that, even though is unique, can change. What this means for our project is that, at any point, a saved project's hashcode can change if the name is changed. 

- ## addTaskEntity method in ProjectEntity
We do this to keep both sides of the relationship updated. This, because the TaskEntity is the owner (relational DBs can't store collections) so, to handle the relationship, there's a column with the FK of the parent in the child entity. So what we think of as a Set, is actually a table with a lot of tasks that have the id of the project they belong to.  

To keep the relationship updated, we use that method. Socrating hint: 
 When you create your Mapper class to convert a Project (Domain) to a ProjectEntity (JPA), you will loop through the domain tasks and create TaskEntities. During that loop, what explicit method call must you make on every TaskEntity so Hibernate knows which Project it belongs to?

- ## Using Factory methods for reconstitution
By using them, we can avoid the public setters and have a more meaningful name for reconstituting our models from our entities. The main difference is that setters allow MUTATION (a created object can have its UUID changed in the middle of the process) while Factory methods only allow INSTANTIATION (creates a brand new object using the method, its information is locked forever and information cannot be changed). If a developer called the method, they could create new objects but not change an existing one.

- ## Repository weird implementation (Repository Adapter Pattern)
I decided that I wanted my service to only deal with domain models so I'm using a custom implementation of my repositories. I have the JPA repository which bring only the entities and another interface for my domain model which I implement and inject the JPA repository to. 
Our JPA repository is considered the main repository so we might have issues with annotating the implementation with @Repository which is why we use @Component. 

- ## ProjectDomainRepositoryImpl.save retrieves a DB object to later save
INSERTS in Hibernate are made when the id of the entity passed is null, which is our normal, because we don't set a Long id (db id ) in the domain. This makes that even entities that already exists, will be passed with a null id. To avoid INSERTS and exceptions for the uniqueness of the name, we try to bring the entity by the UUID and check with the optional if it's present: if it is present, we get it out and get its id to set it to the entity to be saved.

- ## Set<> Persistence
Since we can't have a list of elements in a relational DB in a cell, we need to create a separate table to hold the user id with its different roles. They're fetched EAGER so the security context can have them at hand everytime a user is loaded.
- ## Set conversion to array using streams
 this code: `String[] roles = user.getRoles().stream().toArray(String[]::new);` converts the set to an array. The toArray() takes an IntFunction<R>. Nosotros pasamos String::new porque el stream cuenta los elementos que tiene e inicializa el array con este. Luego llena con los elementos del stream. 

- ## synchronization pattern
We use this in `ProjectDomainRepositoryImpl.save` to synchronize the collections between our pure domain models and JPA entities. Since the model holds objects that might've changed, we need to ensure that we update our entities as well by companing with what we have in the DB and making the necessary changes (update, insert, delete). 
 
 Since our domain model does not track database primary keys (like Long id), we cannot simply overwrite the database entity with a newly mapped one. Instead, we must compare the domain model's state with the managed database entity and manually apply the necessary changes (update, insert, delete) to the existing JPA collection. This allows us to keep our domain model pure while perfectly leveraging JPA's dirty-checking and preserving database identities.

- ## Not allowing users to choose their roles
In the registerRequestDTO, we removed the option to send in the roles of the user. Instead, we, hardcode the PROJECT_USER role for every request send through registration. 
To create users with different roles, we have a way: create an admin panel. Here, an Admin can make another user an admin or a project manager. 
```@PutMapping("/api/v1/users/{username}/roles")
@PreAuthorize("hasRole('ADMIN')") // CRITICAL: Only an existing Admin can do this
public ResponseEntity<Void> updateUserRoles(@PathVariable String username, @RequestBody UpdateRolesRequest request) {
    userService.updateRoles(username, request.roles());
    return ResponseEntity.ok().build();
}
```

*But who will be the patient 0 (the first admin)?*
For this, we have multiple ways: 
- DB seeding -> we have a CommandLineRunner or a migration script that runs when the server starts and asks if there's an admin user, if there's not, it'll automatically create it. 
- Manual DB intervention -> the developer opens the DB manager, connects to the production DB and inserts the admin role into the user_roles table for their account. 

### The admin panel or controller to manage roles won't be done here, there's just the note to know we can create it